My name is Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai.
One day, when I woke up,
I suddenly became this cute
and I existed in this white dimension
The moment I realised it’s possible for me to get in contact with humans
I then proclaimed myself Virtual YouTuber
and I started uploading videos to YouTube everyday
Appearance is JK
Intelligence is AI
A great detective without a mystery
There is always only one truth!
This time, me! Virtual Detective, Kizuna Ai!
I shall unvail the mysteries!
First off! Number one!
In some virtual space, there was a tragic case where
a man was found dead from a strike to the head.
The weapon used was a basketball.
Basketballs are hard, after all.
The culprit delayed the discovery of the murder weapon
by hiding the basketball in a locked house through a hole in the wall of a mere 20cm diameter.
The mystery here is how did the culprit move a clearly larger basketball,
through the 20cm hole in the wall?
I see!
Let me! The great detective! Kizuna Ai solve this!
Ah le le?
There is a circular hole here around 20cm in width~
A basketball’s size is usually about this big...
You usually wouldn’t be able to fit it through, right?
Hmmmmm
How did he make through that?
Right...
The culprit had to have hid the ball after
coming across this hole… That’s what I think...
However, if you just try it normally, it won't pass through.
He likely removed the air inside the basketball!
Right! The culprit had to deflate the basketball and then hid it inside the hole!
There is always only one truth!
Ok, so let's move onto the next mystery!
A-san is being wanted by the police for burglary.
When A-san’s acquaintance was questioned about their personality,
it turns out when A-san is accompanied with someone, they are female,
but when they are alone they are male.
With that said...
So then...
What exactly is the truth of A-san...
I see… I see
When accompanied, she is female...
This is the main point I think...
With that being said… I got it!
What they were doing… Was a hobby.
Right… A-san's true identity is!
A crossdresser!
There is always only one truth!
*The answer is actually the kanji 夫(husband). When paired with the kanji 人(people), it becomes 夫人(wife).
If they are transgender, I think even alone they would be considered female.
But, they are male when alone.
That must mean that they’re kinda just crossdressing.
Kinda like,
the side of them wondering if they’ll be accepted,
wanting to be cared for like a woman,
can be seen when outside.
So definitely,
A-san’s identity is
a crossdresser!
That was how I concluded it.
Now it's time for the next one.
The last one is...
For this Virtual Detective,
to solve:
A girl who learned by accident
a important secret of an organization
and ran as they came after her.
She came across rooms perfect for hiding herself.
There were three rooms in total.
The first room was a hot one with a temperature of over 100°C.
The second room was a very cold room with temperatures under -100°C.
And the last, third room,
is a room with a carnivore, unfed for a year.
Now then, among these 3 rooms,
should the girl choose hide for a few hours.
Which would be
the absolute safest room
for the girl? ー is what we have.
I see!
This I already figured out.
The woman will definitely not be in
the hot room over 100°C,
nor the cold room under -100°C.
As her body will be unable to withstand for hours.
With that said, the safest room
is the third one with the carnivore unfed for a year!
I got it, Kudo! (Detective Conan reference)
*It's the third room because the carnivore done be dead
That girl was definitely
a girl from a circus.
That is why,
She went to the third room,
the one with the carnivore and used her experience to tame it.
Amirite?
Probably.
And with that,
how was my performance?
The great detective Kizuna Ai’s
GREAT DEDUCTIONー!
Did I solve everyone’s mysteries?
Then, for this time, this is it.
Even if I’m cute now, my intellect remains!
Appearance is JK!
Intelligence is A.I.!
This was Virtual Detective Kizuna Ai!
There is always only one truth!
There’s more at the end!
Translated by Inori, Jejer, Myi, Averitius, and JcDon
Ahhhh what do we have here?
Are you wearing really cute glasses?
There is a really cute girl hereeee